Provide go template to display in a concise way ClusterTestSuite (#22)
kyma-incubator/octopus: README.md

# Octopus

> ![](docs/assets/octopus.JPG)

Reviewer: I love it! 😍 🐙

Author: 🐙

- Running tests multiple times, which is helpful when you add a new test and you want to validate if it is stable, or when you want to reproduce a problem that occurs on CI.
- Full support for concurrent testing, which allows you to specify how many tests should be executed at the same time.

> Octopus provides integration with `kubectl`. For more info, read[kubectl integration](./docs/kubectl-integration.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus provides integration with `kubectl`. For more information, read [this](./docs/kubectl-integration.md) document.
```

> Octopus provides integration with `kubectl`. For more information, read [this](./docs/kubectl-integration.md) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus provides integration with kubectl. For more information, read [this](./docs/kubectl-integration.md) document.
```
